# How Netflix Uses Audience Data to Develop Business Strategies

S5483662 Zixuan Wu

Use of audience data has played a major role in Netflix's commercial success.Prior to 2018, Netflix refused to disclose ratings data as a way to differentiate itself from traditional TV media, but after 2018, Netflix chose to disclose ratings for some of its original content as a way to enhance the user's experience of choosing a series to watch and to provide series creators with more visible audience feedback. (Wayne,2021) More importantly, Netflix also provides personalized recommendations to subscribers by analyzing viewed or discarded content type, playback characteristic, playback intensity and so on the scripts selected for development. in order to ensure the loyalty of subscribed users. (Yellin, 2015)

Research Question: What kind of changing aesthetic trends are reflected in the changes in drama creation under Netflix's big data analysis?

Research Plan:I will use a combination of quantitative and qualitative analysis to explore the proposed topic and address the RQ. First, I will review the literature and summarize, line by line, how Netflix uses user data for analysis in order to formulate an effective business strategy, thus supporting the argument that big data analytics has a key role in Netflix's successful operation of its platform. Secondly, I will use python to grab keywords in the existing Netflix episode dataset, analyze the types of episodes and keywords, combine with the imdb ratings, analyze which types of episodes in different periods of Netflix's development have caused greater enthusiasm among mainstream viewers, as well as compare the types of popular episodes of other platforms in these periods, and summarize the characteristics of popular episodes in these periods. Finally, I will summarize my findings on how the characteristics of Netflix's series creation have influenced the aesthetic characteristics of mainstream series in different periods.
